hello guys is it like here from sneakers
and I have another class Audis video
episode 23 of the clay salvage project
there's a little update video this video
just a warning notice this ba is gonna
be very very short she's gonna basically
tell you a few things about the clay
soldiers and the build the channel
updates and wants to come on the future
nothing really to majors been going on
really
I've just finished off the arena well
finished off I mean it's about 95%
complete I've moved out a few features
like I've had to move away a load of the
under eyes a few stuff me and never
mainly train it's changed yeah it may
look a bit ugly because this is so many
like fences like metal fences but really
that's all I could do us to any but
that's the best thing I could do to make
it look nice was to make it look like
this anything else just didn't work out
like the clay Soldiers you could escape
we're not then on the outside I built a
outside wall going all the way around
suit the clay so just kind choose where
they sit and obviously then we have the
walkway you have the walkway leading
into the town so yeah it's a basically a
clay soldiers can just come anytime
and yeah you can go into the arena go to
the arena and climb up the stairways
yeah and just pick a spot I mean
obviously you can get around here in a
lot and each side they have each team
gonna there an area right here I'm gonna
pimp it out soon lalla chests I love
training areas down here for all the
different teams of clay so you can get
ready to choose the best men to go into
battle I want to say a few things
the main thing is we're having trouble
with the water issue of the clay soldier
dying a lot
in water I love you guys been seeing
while why don't you just put half blocks
underneath that's a great idea
all those people have suggested put half
block so they weren't drowned what but
is it possible we can't physically do
that because we put a half put a half
block down and we put water on top of it
the water would just overflow so yeah
always able flowed the outside and I'm
wondering actually there is a way around
that actually if we build up a wall high
around the beach and then we place half
blocks and then place water on top of it
the clay men won't be able to drown I
don't think I don't think I'm not sure
we'll have to test out but at the moment
half block finger doesn't really work so
yeah we've got to find out another way
around that what else oh yes I fixed the
Wizards Tower now so the clay soldiers
can go up and visit the wizard tower
yeah it's been open Nullah
a place always going up to the bowels
and stairs it was this tower so yeah
the wizard I'm not sure if any place or
user here yeah oh what's bad clay
soldier could have escaped by to fix
that didn't didn't notice that I will
have to board this up for now
and after exit out later so yeah just
the wizard tower now mmm don't nothing
much added all the files and stairs
what else have I done just nothing
nothing I just need a flutist I said
great I'm the black sheep has escaped oh
no I wasn't funny
no I wasn't good because I don't want em
escaping so you guys it's just a channel
update things to come
me not the Vale I was new in
Christmastime we have been like person
many many many like videos out recently
just never just been family stuff cuz
it's near Christmas and like you know
doing the usual stuff he did Christmas
but yeah meaning up the veil we bout he
recorded a lot of footage that we're
gonna be posting that very soon it's not
all gonna be minecraft
Lister we're still working on the cliff
solution in the clay so Lee's is our
main prize islami and Priory again the
map done the map is about I'll say about
90% done we're hoping to get the map out
released on Christmas Day Christmas Eve
or the day after Christmas we're not
quite sure yet all depends if we get it
done in time which I think we will get
it done so we just want to fix out the
water we just want to fix the arena and
just fix up all the glitches and just
make it look a bit more nicer I then
we'll get cracking on the trailer and
season two so yeah guys channel thing
I've got a new series coming your way
a few series actually I've got one that
involves league of legends and I've got
one that involves another new game I'm
not really gonna give anything again I
can't speak I'm like gonna give you any
information but yeah guys like I'm
sticker bros am I'll see you next time
sorry it's not a long video just channel
update ray we aren't done much we're not
gonna lie but yeah we'll be posting
videos very shortly so yeah
you